Create 2022-07-21-developer-holium-community-os.md (#1628)
urbit/urbit.org: content/events/2022-07-21-developer-holium-community-os.md

+++
title = "Developer Call: Holium's Community OS"
starts = "2022-07-21T09:00:00"
ends = "2022-07-21T10:30:00"
timezone = "America/Los_Angeles"
location = "Online Event"
image = "https://i.imgur.com/wyrrLO9.png"
registration_url = "https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/287063223/"
description = ""
dark = false
youtube = "dHyzH09QaZQ"

[[hosts]]
name = "Neal Davis"
patp = "~lagrev-nocfep"

[[guests]]
name = "Trent"
patp = "~lomder-librun"

+++

> Holium is one of the rising stars in the Urbit Community. Earlier this year they launched the Ballot app and by Assembly many updates will go out. Now, they are focussed on building a full OS experience around communities and DAOs. Think about: Calendar, Calculator, File Explorer, News and a Text Editor. Developers and especially fresh Hoon School grads, are welcomed to help Holium build these great apps (paid). On the Developer Call, Trent (~lomder-librun) will tell us all about their plans, the time path and how you can help out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Holium is one of the rising stars in the Urbit Community. Earlier this year they launched the Ballot app and will have much more to show at [Assembly 2022](https://assembly.urbit.org). Holium is focused on building a full OS experience around communities and DAOs, where the software that the community runs on — think chat, calendar, files, voice and video calls — are integrated in the computing environment like never before. Developers and especially fresh Hoon School grads should keep their eyes on Holium's roadmap, as opportunities to work with them are dropping regularly. On this call, Trent (~lomder-librun) will tell us all about their plans, their roadmap, and how you can help out.
```
